simpleXRPL docs (#224)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/simpleXRPL/index.md

- Your code doesn't change even if you switch custodians or operate across several at once.

{% admonition type="info" name="Note" %}
`simpleXRPL` is pre-1.0. The public API may change between releases and no sandbox exists yet to test native custodian operations.
{% /admonition %}

## How It Works

`simpleXRPL` is built around four concepts:

- **Client**: Establishes the network connection and the connector configuration. Both are immutable for the client's lifetime; to change either, you create a new client.
- **Connector**: The execution model that determines *how* operations run and *who* holds account keys. Each connector exposes a uniform interface to the rest of the SDK, so the same code runs across all of them.
- **Accounts**: A separate abstraction, bound to a custodian or a local seed and given a logical name.
- **Verticals**: Domain-specific classes that group related business operations.

## Operation Execution

For every operation, on every connector, `simpleXRPL` has a statically defined routing decision that it reports at initialization:

- **Native**: Maps onto an endpoint the custodian exposes and natively handles.

> - **Raw signing fallback (opt-in)**: The custodian has no native endpoint yet, so the SDK constructs and submits the necessary transactions to the XRPL. Raw-signing is only used if you explicitly enable it for a specific operation.

Reviewer: I don't think the transactions are submitted to the XRPL. They're submitted to the custodian for raw signing and then the custodian relays that to XRPL @pdp2121

Reviewer 2: For raw signing, the custodian only signs the transaction and returns the blob. The SDK needs to submit it itself

Author: Updated the file with more details to clarify this sequence.

---
seo:
    description: simpleXRPL is an opinionated TypeScript SDK that lets institutional developers express XRP Ledger operations as business intent and route them through the custodians they already use.
labels:
  - simpleXRPL
  - SDK
---

# simpleXRPL
[Source](https://github.com/ripple/simpleXRPL)

> The `simpleXRPL` is an opinionated TypeScript SDK for the XRP Ledger, built for institutional developers who interact with the ledger through a custodian. It raises the level of your code from XRPL protocol mechanics to business operations that the SDK routes through your institutional custodians. Concretely, this means:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`simpleXRPL` is an opinionated TypeScript SDK for the XRP Ledger, built for institutional developers who interact with the ledger through a custodian. It raises the level of your code from XRPL protocol mechanics to business operations that the SDK routes through your institutional custodians. Concretely, this means:
```

- `simpleXRPL` defines the shape of business operations, handling the underlying XRPL transactions and custodian API calls.
- Your code doesn't change even if you switch custodians or operate across several at once.

{% admonition type="warning" name="Caution" %}
`simpleXRPL` is pre-1.0. The public API may change between releases and no sandbox exists yet to test native custodian operations.
{% /admonition %}

## How It Works

`simpleXRPL` is built around four concepts:

- **Clients**: Establishes the network connection and the connector configuration. Both are immutable for the client's lifetime; to change either, you create a new client.
- **Connectors**: The execution model that determines *how* operations run and *who* holds account keys. Each connector exposes a uniform interface to the rest of the SDK, so the same code runs across all of them.

> - **Accounts**: An XRPL [account](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts) paired with the connector that signs for it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Clients**: Establish the network connection and the connector configuration. Both are immutable for a client's lifetime; to change either, you create a new client.
- **Connectors**: Make up the execution model that determines *how* operations run and *who* holds account keys. Each connector exposes a uniform interface to the rest of the SDK, so the same code runs across all of them.
- **Accounts**: XRPL [accounts](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts), each paired with the connector that signs for it.
```
